SDK configuration
-----------------
To use the SDK you need to provide valid CenturyLink credentials.

Credential providers
--------------------
You can select from several possible credential providers:

* `DefaultCredentialsProvider` is a wrapper for other providers. It is used by default if the SDK default constructor is called.
* `EnvironmentVariableCredentialsProvider` loads credentials from environment variables. The default property keys for the username and password are **`CLC_USERNAME`** and **`CLC_PASSWORD`** accordingly.
* `PropertiesFileCredentialsProvider` loads user credentials from a properties file located in the application's classpath. The default name of the classpath file is **`centurylink-cloud.properties`**.
* `StaticCredentialsProvider` loads credentials directly through the constructor.
* `SystemVariableCredentialsProvider` loads credentials from Java VM variables. The default property keys for the username and password are **`clc.username`** and **`clc.password`** accordingly.

Here is an example:

``` java
ClcSdk sdk = 
    new ClcSdk(
        new StaticCredentialsProvider("username", "password"),
        SdkConfiguration.builder()
            .maxRetries(10)
            .proxyHost("localhost")
            .proxyPort(8081)
            .proxyScheme("http")
            .proxyUsername("proxyUser")
            .proxyPassword("proxyPassword")
            .socketTimeout(5000)
            .build()
    );
```

SDK configuration properties
----------------------------
Additionally, you can provide the following configuration properties:

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Name</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Required</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>maxRetries</td>
<td>int</td>
<td>The maximum allowed number of re-tries</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>proxyHost</td>
<td>String</td>
<td>The proxy host name</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>proxyPort</td>
<td>int</td>
<td>The proxy port. If it is specified, proxyHost must be specified too.</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>proxyScheme</td>
<td>String</td>
<td>The proxy scheme (e.g. "http" or "https"). If it is specified, proxyHost must be specified too. The default value is "http".</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>proxyUsername</td>
<td>String</td>
<td>The proxy user name</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>proxyPassword</td>
<td>String</td>
<td>The proxy password</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>socketTimeout</td>
<td>long</td>
<td>The socket timeout in milliseconds</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>